README.md, before:


## What Are Words?

They are always relative. Often, they are defined relative to other words. This project attempts to construct a human-usable interface for tracing the textual relations that give rise to these meanings, and then writing them out in a machine-readable format, so that subjective, human-directed ideas can be explored with computational tools.

## Getting Started

clone this repo, and check the tests by browsing to:

```
file:///path/to/local/repo/quickfox/test/results.html
```

these should all be passing.

try out the current version of the UI on your local by browsing to:

```
file:///path/to/local/repo/quickfox/mockups/reader.html
```

## Miscellaneous Notes for Posterity

I first started this repo on:

`Fri Oct 21 23:47:55 CDT 2016`

but work fell off as a lot of other things took up my time, and I lost confidence and direction. In the intervening two years, a lot of ideas slowly fell into place, until I recovered my sense of direction, and abruptly resumed on:

`Tue Oct 30 00:32:00 CDT 2018`

Commit message:

docs(readme): link to demo.

README.md, after:


## What Are Words?

They are always relative. Often, they are defined relative to other words. This project attempts to construct a human-usable interface for tracing the textual relations that give rise to these meanings, and then writing them out in a machine-readable format, so that subjective, human-directed ideas can be explored with computational tools.

## Demo

This project is under heavy development, but [you can try out the tool](https://ben-schulz.github.io/demos/quickfox/reader.html) in its best-available working state.

## Development: Getting Started

clone this repo, and check the tests by browsing to:

```
file:///path/to/local/repo/quickfox/test/results.html
```

these should all be passing.

try out the current version of the UI on your local by browsing to:

```
file:///path/to/local/repo/quickfox/mockups/reader.html
```

## Miscellaneous Notes for Posterity

I first started this repo on:

`Fri Oct 21 23:47:55 CDT 2016`

but work fell off as a lot of other things took up my time, and I lost confidence and direction. In the intervening two years, a lot of ideas slowly fell into place, until I recovered my sense of direction, and abruptly resumed on:

`Tue Oct 30 00:32:00 CDT 2018`
